<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_chz_cym_xjb">
    <title>Board Inspiration</title>
    <shortdesc>A list of resources to spark ideas about your Trello's organization.</shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="section_f2m_2ym_xjb">
            <p>It can be both a blessing and a curse that Trello can be used in so many different
                ways. Users can be overwhelmed by their options, and this list has been created to
                help direct them. This is a list of resources to spark ideas about your Trello's
                organization.</p>
            <ul id="ul_ey2_3ym_xjb">
                <li><xref href="https://trello.com/templates" format="html" scope="external"/> -
                    This is the main hub of inspiration for Trello. Hand-crafted by Trello experts,
                    each board in their repository has been vetted for excellence in ideas and
                    craftmanship. The options are separated into a myriad of categories, making it
                    easy to navigate.</li>
                <li><xref
                        href="https://zapier.com/blog/how-to-use-trello/#:~:targetText=Trello%20is%20a%20terrific%20tool,isn&apos;t%20just%20for%20work.&amp;targetText=In%20fact%20Trello%20is%20for,with%20a%20group%20of%20people."
                        format="html" scope="external"/> - This webpage provides twenty ideas on how
                    to use Trello. From using the Time Method to the Social Media Method to recipe
                    boards, this list covers plenty of options.</li>
                <li><xref
                        href="https://blog.trello.com/best-trello-ideas-for-achieving-goals-in-2018"
                        format="html" scope="external"/> - This page, created by the experts at
                    Trello, is focused on setting achieving goals. Their options range from personal
                    goal tracking to weekly goal reviews.</li>
                <li><xref
                        href="https://medium.com/@maybevaibhav/best-35-trello-boards-for-you-to-see-and-get-inspired-6bf28b565616"
                        format="html" scope="external"/> - Medium has picked thirty-five potential
                    ways to organize your Trello board. Their options include boards to keep up with
                    friends, starting a business, and product management.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
