<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_jzp_xvm_xjb">
    <title>Background Image Resources</title>
    <shortdesc>A list of options for your board's background images.</shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="section_ztx_2wm_xjb">
            <p>Though Trello's selection of potential background images is wide and varied, it can
                be useful to insert your own custom background image. Here is a list of
                copyright-free, high-quality images for your board background.</p>
            <ul id="ul_sxw_kwm_xjb">
                <li>Stocksnap.io - With new photos added every week from around the world, you can't
                    go wrong with StockSnap. Images are highly categorized and searchable to enhance
                    the user's experience, and photos can be downloaded at the click of a button.
                    The website also has a "trending" page, and their front page has an infinite
                    scroll feature for your photo-searching needs.</li>
                <li>Freestocks.org - Categorized into seven categories - animals, city and
                    architecture, fashion, food and drinks, nature, objects and technology, and
                    people, it's easy to navigate FreeStocks. Users can also search the website
                    through a more detailed tagging system for those looking for something specific.
                    All photos are taken by a group of five photographers, so each image is
                    unique.</li>
                <li>Polayoutu.com - Created and maintained by a community of China-based
                    photographers, Polayoutu features photos that have been voted on and uploaded on
                    a weekly basis. Though their search feature is limited, the photos are of such a
                    high quality that you will be impressed by anything you find.</li>
                <li>Foodiesfeed.com - Food photographers from all around the world share their
                    photos, creating a resource of awesome naturally looking food photos that are
                    completely free to download. Boasting over 1,500 photos, Foodiesfeed also has a
                    robust search feature.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
