<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="creating-board-tsk">
    <title>Creating a Board</title>
    <shortdesc>Directions for creating a board in Trello</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p></p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the top right of the webpage you will see a plus sign, click it.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>A menu will be brought up displaying three different actions, choose the create
                    board option.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Now you will see a little text box saying "add board title", this is where you
                    will input the name of the board you wish to create.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Next, you will see "No team" this is where you will add a team if you are part
                    of a pre-existing team. You can click no team if you are not apart of any
                    team.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Now on the right you will see some background images you can use, that is
                    purely for cosmetic purposes only but feel free to browswe through them and pick
                    your favorite.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Lastly you can select what kind of template you wish to follow, there are many
                    to choose from that will give you the basic outline for whatever you need. For
                    example you can get business, education,Engineering templates and much more
                    depending on your needs. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After choosing to use a template or not now you can finally click create board
                    and there you have it your board has been created.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
