<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="downloading_desktop_application">
    <title>Download the desktop app for Trello</title>
    <shortdesc>A step by step list of how to download the desktop app for trello. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>We should probably do both versions for this task, IE do a set of instrucitons for
            PC and one for Mac users.<p>You will need this list of materials inorder to download the
                PC version of Trello.</p><p> Materials:<ul id="ul_ekm_vkj_sjb">
                    <li>Working Laptop/ desktop</li>
                    <li>Windows OS 10 or higher</li>
                    <li>Microsoft store account</li>
                </ul></p></context>
        
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Inorder to download the Trello desktop app for windows you must have a
                    microsoft store account. See <u>here</u> on how to create a microsoft store
                    account</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once you have an account you can search for Trello or in web browser search
                    Trello desktop app.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Find the version you need, for these instructions we will be following the
                    windows parameters, once you have found the version you need click to
                    install</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you are searching from within a web broswer you will now be prompted to sign
                    into the microsoft store, if you are already in the microsofrt store it will
                    begin downloading.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After it is finished downloading, the appplicaion will run, click continue,
                    then either select login or signup.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once you have done that you are now ready to use Trello as an application and
                    no longer have to use it in a web browser.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
