<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="download_desktop_apps_tsk">
    <title>Download the Desktop app for Trello-PC instructions</title>
    <shortdesc> A step-by-step set of instructions on how to download the desktop app for Trello on
        both PC and Mac computers.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>This page includes both step-by-step instructions to download the desktop
            application for Trello on PC and Mac computers.<p> Materials for PC:<ul
                id="ul_ekm_vkj_sjb">
                <li>Working Laptop/ desktop</li>
                <li>Windows OS 10 or higher</li>
                <li>Microsoft store account</li>
            </ul></p></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Inorder to download the Trello desktop app for windows you must have a
                    microsoft store account. See <u>here</u> on how to create a microsoft store
                    account</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once you have an account you can search for Trello or in web browser search
                    Trello desktop app.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Find the version you need, if you are using PC download Windows/Pc version, for
                    these instructions we will be following the windows parameters, once you have
                    found the version you need click to install</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If you are downloading from within a web broswer you will now be prompted to
                    sign into the microsoft store, if you are already in the microsofrt store it
                    will begin downloading.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After it is finished downloading, the appplicaion will run, click continue,
                    then either select login or signup. if you already have a Trello account go
                    ahead and login. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once you have done that you are now ready to use Trello as an application and
                    no longer have to use it in a web browser.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
    
    <task id="task_grs_dpj_sjb">
        <title>Download the Desktop app for Trello-MAC instructions</title>
        <abstract>How to download Trello on Mac<p>Materials for Mac:</p><ul id="ul_z4d_3pj_sjb">
            <li>Working Mac laptop/ desktop</li>
            <li>OS X 10.10.0 or later, 64-bit processor</li>
            <li>Apple store account</li>
        </ul></abstract>
        <taskbody>
            <steps id="steps_qnd_4pj_sjb">
                <step>
                    <cmd>Inorder to download the Trello app on Mac you must first have a apple
                        account, if you do not set one up now.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Once you have an account you can search for Trello in the apple store or in
                        web browser search Trello desktop app.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Find the version you need, if you are using Mac download Mac/Apple version,
                        for these instrucions we will be following Mac parameters.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>If you are downloading from a web browser you will be prompted to sign in
                        to you apple account now. If you are already within the apple store you will
                        begin downloading now.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>After it is finished downloading, the appplicaion will run, click continue,
                        then either select login or signup. if you already have a Trello account go
                        ahead and login.</cmd>
                </step>
                <step>
                    <cmd>Once you are finished you can now access Trello from the application
                        instead of the web browser.</cmd>
                </step>
            </steps>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
