<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="glossgroup_dlh_nrb_zjb">
    <title>Glossary</title>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_mk2_srb_zjb">
        <glossterm>Attachment</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An attachment is any content added to a card from a source outside of said card. A
            user can attach files from their computer, Trello, Google Drive, DropBox, Box, OneDrive,
            or attach a link by pasting it into attachments. Add attachments to your cards to
            provide additional information or to keep information from different sources together in
            one place.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="ddl">
        <glossterm>Board</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A board is a place to plan projects and organize tasks by using lists and
            cards.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_smv_rrb_zjb">
        <glossterm>Card</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A card is the fundamental unit of a board. Cards are used within lists to organize
            tasks and ideas.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_plb_srb_zjb">
        <glossterm>Checklist</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A checklist is a feature provided within a card to allow users to keep track of
            how much of a task has been completed. Checklist progress is displayed at the bottom of
            a card, and the icon will turn green once the checklist is completed. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_nhy_rrb_zjb">
        <glossterm>Kanban</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The Kanban method is a productivity method that boosts quality and efficiency of
            work while improving the work process. The Kanban method follows a workflow highlighted
            by three categories: "To Do," "Doing," and "Done."</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_y4q_rrb_zjb">
        <glossterm>List</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A list is a collection of cards that represent a specific topic. Lists keep cards
            organized through the progression of a project.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_oxq_prb_zjb">
        <glossterm>Member</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A member is a person who is collaborating on a board as part of a team. You can
            view the board activity of any team member.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_ulj_srb_zjb">
        <glossterm>Power-Up</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Power-ups are a range of optional integrated tools and features used to make a
            board morex efficient and effective.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
